[Music]
hmm makes you wonder sometimes why do
firefighters shave everyday doctors wear
white coats and cooks have those big ol
floppy caps what do teachers and pilots
have in common
how much do professional line sitter and
pet food taster earned you'll learn much
more about different professions from
this video speaking of clean shaven
firefighters when a firefighter enters a
burning building they put on an SCBA
self-contained breathing apparatus a
special mask connected to an oxygen tank
on the back smoothly shave faces provide
a tight and sealed position for such
mass you can wear a mustache but if you
have a thick beard then the mask won't
sit tight on you and this already
carries risks for the same reason
piercing on the face is prohibited
teacher's job is stressful working as a
firefighter is dangerous and hard in
terms of stress this coincides with the
profession of a teacher yes according to
research teachers experienced the same
amount of stress as firefighters and
airline pilots one can imagine that
running into a burning building or
flying a huge airliner is as difficult
as calming the screaming crowd of
children in the classroom so kids love
your teachers and take care of them the
most boring profession do you sit in the
office
sorting docks and filling out reports do
you find your profession really boring
don't worry there's something much more
tedious out there ready it's dry paint
watching a typical working day goes like
this you sit in a chair in front of a
freshly painted wall and just watch for
hours however this is not as easy as it
sounds specialists should track how the
texture of the paint changes where it
cracks and based on their observations
give a detailed report dream job do you
suffer because it's hard to get up for
work in the morning well this profession
will solve your problem yes you can earn
money for sleeping hotel sometimes
invite people to test beds
also scientists investigating sleep
invites subjects to special laboratories
where they put sensors on them and
record the characteristics of their
dreams the safest profession with regard
to safety a study was conducted in
Germany in which they found out which
profession is the most beneficial for
health it's economists according to
statistics they take sick leave less
often than any other professionals only
7 days a year the most dangerous
profession well the least safe job on
the other hand is lumberjack think for
yourself huge heavy trees chainsaws and
there is no guarantee that you won't
meet a bear in the forest despite all
the risks many dangerous professions are
very popular and the labour market has
never had any trouble hiring new people
but what about the rarest profession the
existence of which few people suspect
I've found it and it's one of the cutest
professions in the world
panda nanny working as such a nanny is
not easy as it seems at first glance
little pandas interfere with cleaning
the enclosure they indulge a lot in
order to attract attention and play with
you although you know it doesn't sound
so difficult perhaps I'll buy a ticket
to China
speaking about professions and work I
can't help but mention Japan it's
considered a country of workaholics the
Japanese spend more than 60% of their
time at work in the office so it's okay
if you fall asleep in the middle of a
working day or meeting and no one scold
you for this
thus you show that you work very hard
and sleep little now I'm certainly not
as hard-working as the Japanese but I
really need an hour of sleep after the
lunch break
doctors color imagery is the science
that studies the effect of colours on
the human condition it was
scientifically proven that red color
excites green calms and white gives
energy enhances activity and inspires a
sense of purity and Trust that's why
doctors always wear white clothes at the
end of the 20th century English doctors
decided to remove white color from their
wards
and this idea immediately failed
patients began to trust doctors less and
even fear them and one more interesting
thing about doctors do you agree that so
many doctors have very poor handwriting
it is for this reason that doctors in
India were required to write
prescriptions only in capital letters so
that patients would not confuse which
medicine they should buy cooks doctors
aren't the only carriers of what
uniforms many chefs wear white clothes
but it is not mandatory each restaurant
has its own rules in uniform there is
one thing that cooks are obliged to wear
though caps they put them on so that
hair doesn't get into the food have you
noticed that some cooks have small caps
while others have long cylindrical ones
this way the hierarchy of cooks in the
kitchen is maintained naturally the chef
wears the longest cap courtroom sketch
artists let's leap from the kitchen to
the courthouse okay boy that's a long
one hey why is there still a profession
of courtroom sketch artists in the era
of digital photography and smartphones
human rights and their safety are always
in the first place and photos of the
trial may include witnesses who wouldn't
want to be photographed in addition
photographers distract people from the
lawsuit and artists imperceptibly sit
draw and don't bother anyone yeah now
permission has been introduced for photo
and video shooting but courtroom sketch
artists are still in demand firstly
because it is a strong tradition that is
loved by all Americans and secondly many
drawings are equated with real works of
art and our soul for a lot of money
unusual professions since childhood many
people dream of being an astronaut
writer lawyer IT developer designer but
at the same time there are really
fascinating and interesting professions
that are not widely now take a look
maybe you will choose one of them number
one lego master builder you have all
seen these huge Lego sculptures and
stores and add exhibitions they are
constructed by real professionals if you
want to become such a bill
get an education as a designer and
decorator but most importantly always be
a child at heart to animal psychologists
your pet has ceased to be active doesn't
play with you as before and this makes
you worry don't rush to give it snacks
maybe the problem here is hidden deeper
yes it turns out that your dog may have
a psychological trauma or some complexes
so feel free to take it to an animal
psychologists three pet food taster pets
have not only psychologists but also
tasters you can earn up to $25,000 a
year if you feel that you have good
taste and are ready to try such products
um doesn't say here whether you'll work
like a dog but wait there's more canine
employment number for dog surfing coach
do you like to cut the waves on your
surfboard don't forget to take your
doggie with you yes dogs can surf as
well and they can be taught by a dog
surfing coach this is probably a dream
job for those who love the sun sea and
animals number five pearl hunter
treasure explorer tomb raider artifact
seeker yes all these professions are
cool but only in the movies however in
life there is also an unusual and cool
work pearl hunter this is a very highly
paid and dangerous job suitable for real
lovers of the extreme six professional
line sitter tired of waiting in line at
the hospital or at the local supermarket
any problem can be solved if you have
the money
hire a professional line sitter such a
job is paid twenty-five dollars per hour
seven Parmesan cheese listener no really
do you have excellent hearing this
profession is perfect for you the
readiness and maturity of Parmesan
cheese is determined not only by taste
but also by sound specially trained
people tap parmesan with a small silver
hammer and determine its quality the
better the cheese the louder the sound
hey did you hear about my new side
hustles I get paid to pound the cheese
wait in line
and tastes pet food what a life so if
you learn something new today hmm then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]